Add documentation for context and ABC templates (#8197)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/index-apis/create-index-template.md

`priority` | Integer | A number that determines which index templates take precedence during the creation of a new index or data stream. OpenSearch chooses the template with the highest priority. When no priority is given, the template is assigned a `0`, signifying the lowest priority. Optional.
`template` | Object | The template that includes the `aliases`, `mappings`, or `settings` for the index. For more information, see [#template]. Optional.
`version` | Integer | The version number used to manage index templates. Version numbers are not automatically set by OpenSearch. Optional.

> `context` | Object | For more information, see [index-context]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/index-context/). Amongst all settings and mappings declared for an index template, the ones coming from context will hold highest priority. As of OpenSearch 2.17, this is an experimental feature. Optional

Reviewer: Context provides use case specific predefined templates which can be applied to an index. Amongst all settings and mappings declared for a template, the ones coming from context will hold highest priority. As of OpenSearch 2.17, this is an experimental feature. For more information, see [index-context]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/index-context/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`context` | Object | (Experimental) Context provides use case specific predefined templates which can be applied to an index. Amongst all settings and mappings declared for a template, context templates hold the highest priority. For more information, see [index-context]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-context/).
```

> `context` | Object | (Experimental) Context provides use case specific predefined templates which can be applied to an index. Amongst all settings and mappings declared for a template, context templates hold the highest priority. For more information, see [index-context]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-context/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`context` | Object | (Experimental) Context provides use-case-specific predefined templates that can be applied to an index. Among all settings and mappings declared for a template, context templates hold the highest priority. For more information, see [index-context]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/im-plugin/index-context/).
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Above: "The `context` parameter provides"?
